The Service Operations Workspace homepage
gives you a live role-based overview of your work,
helping you quickly understand what needs attention and take action.
The home page is made up of two main areas.
In the center,
you'll see dashboards that summarize your operational work.
On the right hand side you'll find panels for Announcements,
Upcoming items,
and Quick links.
By default,
the Overview dashboard is selected.
This view focuses on day to day operational work
and highlights what needs your attention.
You can switch between Your Work and Your Team's Work.
Your Work shows records assigned directly to you,
while Your Team's Work shows records assigned to the group
or groups you belong to.
Dashboards in Service Operations Workspace aren't just visual.
You can interact with them to drill into the underlying records.
Selecting a chart
or an individual data point
automatically opens a filtered list below
showing the records that make up that data.
You can also switch between different dashboards using the dashboard selector.
In addition to the Overview,
the IT Agent Dashboard
provides a different perspective on your work.
The IT Agent Dashboard is designed to help you review workload and trends over time.
You can switch between your own metrics
and your team's metrics.
You can also adjust the time period being shown.
The right-hand side of the home page provides supporting information.
Announcements highlight important updates such as outages or major incidents.
The Upcoming panel draws attention to time sensitive items.
Quick Links allow you to add your own frequently used links for easy access.
These links are personal
and help you tailor the workspace to the tools and resources you use most.